Davinci proposal for new "start of encounter" hook (#465)
cds-hooks/docs: docs/hooks/encounter-start.md

# `encounter-start`

| Metadata | Value
| ---- | ----
| specificationVersion | 1.0
| hookVersion | 1.0

> | hookMaturity | 0 - Draft 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| hookMaturity | 1 - Submitted
```

You've submitted a PR and solicited feedback so you get to move up a level! 😄

## Workflow

This hook is invoked when the user is initiating a new encounter.  In an inpatient setting, this would be the time of admission.  In an outpatient/community environment, this would be the time of patient-check-in for a face-to-face or equivalent for a virtual/telephone encounter.  The Encounter should either be in one of the following states: `planned` | `arrived` | `triaged` | `in-progress`.  Note that there can be multiple 'starts' for the same encounter as each user becomes engaged.  For example, when a scheduled encounter is presented at the beginning of the day for planning purposes, when the patient arrives, when the patient first encounters a clinician, etc.  Hooks may present different information depending on user role and Encounter.status.

> Note: This is distinct from the `patient-view` hook which occurs any time the patient's record is looked at - which might be done outside the context of any encounter and will often occur during workflows that are not linked to the initiation of an encounter.

Reviewer 2: This is super helpful in terms of understanding the thought process here. For service developers, do we have examples/thoughts about when they'd want to support *only* `encoutner-start-` and *not* also support `patient-view`? May recommendations that make sense in the context of deciding what to do during the current encounter might also be reasonable in the context of planning for a future encounter.

Author: If a pre-authorization is needed for a service, it makes sense to show it at time of admission, but not every time a nurse or physician looks at a record during a week-long stay.  The same would be true if there are diagnostic tests the patient is due for or steps of a clinical trial that need to be done during a scheduled encounter.  The primary purpose of the separation is to help keep hooks from being overwhelming or noisy.  If the intention is "show them once, let them make a decision and don't bug them again", enounter-start is appropriate.  If the intention is keep bugging the clinician even if the patient is no longer in their care until a record is updated, then patient-view makes sense.

Reviewer 2: This generally makes sense, and is good flavor.

If you've got a pre-authjorization step required and someone *doesn't* actually complete it at admission time, do you want it to just disappear from the virtual todo list?

Also would note that a given CDS Service can track which users it has prompted, etc, and could decide to stop showing cards.

Anyway, I'm not challenging the utility of this hook; I just want to do as much as we can to help articulate when each hook is more appropriate, and when a developer would want to support both.

> The intention is that the cards from any invoked hooks are available at the time when decisions are being made about what actions are going to occur during this encounter.  For example, identifying that the patient is due for certain diagnostic tests or interventions, identifying additional information that should be collected to comply with protocols associated with clinical studies the patient is enrolled in, identifying any documentation or other requirements associated with patient insurance, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The intention is that the cards from any invoked CDS Services are available at the time when decisions are being made about what actions are going to occur during this encounter.  For example, identifying that the patient is due for certain diagnostic tests or interventions, identifying additional information that should be collected to comply with protocols associated with clinical studies the patient is enrolled in, identifying any documentation or other requirements associated with patient insurance, etc.
```

I think you mean 'cards from any invoked CDS Services' instead of 'cards from any invoked hooks'
